so what's going on y'all let's toss and
I got some uncharted 2 for you real
quick I know the uncharted 3 multiplayer
full game is already out but I did want
to go back and play some uncharted 2
this game is badass and I hadn't had
much experience with it now you can hold
us Bonet from a real quick way Elena dig
up that rename and uncharted 2 plays a
lot different from uncharted 3 it's
basically saying game but it's still got
a lot of distinct abilities that you
can't do and the other game and as you
can see I got a new little cracker
laughter Joe asked that you did
something and I got my new little
character one PlayStation Store and they
got a whole bunch of shit for half off
of whatever that dude just got flipped
you did turn imma laugh at you and we
got this little chicken hug Golden Gun
and had a little short shorts or
whatever fuck she's wearing oh this
guy's hand up Oh de béxar innate whole
ass son you gonna run out blue that some
but you know
oh he go he tried to fucking blow me up
but I mean many who was in everything
but let's see you can finally smoke you
know oh it worked I didn't think it was
gonna work in this game each day you see
the uncharted 3 strategy coming into
play the free fire and then melee but it
worked I'm surprised it did I didn't
think it would I thought that was just a
little cheap strategy on my part but
whatever I got dad no who said shooting
at me oh he's up here come on oh damn
you son shot my I was gonna shut up
there to people I think I might have
been able handle him coming around that
corner had his ass angled off but look
like changose grind or whatever fuck his
name is just that killing me it sucks a
second selling bitch over here he's over
here and there's no spritzing in this
game so everybody's moving at the same
speed got that sumbitch and I blew his
ass I probably like that fool get my
little roll on got my little golden guns
looking sexy ass motherfucker how you
like that I don't know who this chick is
man I know I've played the Uncharted
storyline I'll know who this girl is
uh-oh you can tow up in the back sent
over Nate
and this dude is fuck you sit down son
and there's a lot you know the bullets
that it takes to kill somebody it's a
lot less in this game stop shooting at
me son come on come get it oh gosh shot
in the ass by Erie Barrett Oh what are
these names that people are using in
these damn games
I guess they saying the same damn thing
about me what the fuck is that die super
poop died super poop is the man that's
what in your ass let's find who killed
you over here
no he just disappeared here's a whole
bunch of on this side the right hand
side let me see if I can go and get
their ass Alex the great you would your
brownie son shootin come over here no no
no what are you doing oh oh wait get
away from that guy he's tan my ass up
don't chase me Oh chase me I'll pick up
the grenade and throw him damn try to
get him a nice little post-mortem kill
with that grenade but I got out a
numbered right there to the one I stand
a chance against those two so they spawn
me right behind look at that do climate
I'm go get his ass
he's up there guys throw a grenade son
of a bitch you want to shoot me you
slick bastard take some of these bullets
don't hide bitch oh ho no grades good
I'm gonna go get that son bitch go climb
oh oh I see you ass
you see me I see you you going I should
go snap its neck but yeah that shit in
grenades I ain't gonna take a chance on
that work now let's go climb and get
that bastard up here man go around go
around god damn it
we get up here is he still up here
hiding like a little beeyotch
I'm like a little bitch your pistol nope
but we still got some bus and where's
that coming from
we should just diet he's right
underneath me somewhere oh it was on the
outside see if I could help out do this
bonfire you can tell this dude plays on
charter three your ass is dead son stuff
shitting grenades got them oh no just go
around that guy's expecting us to come
in through there yeah he's looking down
that way
pecking at me from the distance take
corner no canoes I mean jackass let's
see if I can flank around get it from
this way hopefully his teammates doesn't
come up to help them out and it looks
like we got a nice little flank run no
no stop shooting at me
don't you never run run run and hit fire
come on I know you come this way you not
got yo ass son sit down few minutes I'm
for you suck I'm laughing at you
cuz you did I'm gone let's get the fuck
out of here man Oh
who the fuck just got blown what the
fuck happened here look at you who's
that that's a wet suit Elena chick I
guess I just maybe actually use that
outfit fuck Elena I don't like that too
much man I don't know what else we got
one down here I'm and hip-fire what you
know about that I love it I love this
game man this is too much fun who killed
you
they might be coming in here somewhere
oh you got some bullets coming off from
this side can I hope this guy let me see
if I can grab a grenade he's blessing
behind me
oh he's asked their teammates cleaning
those guys up over there we had someone
over here
yeah here we go we see some bullets over
here we gonna get something who's over
here you sneaking bro
there he goes he's down there oh he's
behind me come on son
what that's impose shit whatever I got
the kill didn't matter we got that guy
that chick Elena running up through the
damn hole we all know Lin likes them
holes all right so let's get around over
here we got one on top no as a team mate
Oh we'll have to see Gonzales will you
guys sit your ass down son
you grab yourself or give me that you
know fuck that on my golden a cake all
right let's go let's try to finish off
we got two more kills oh stop shooting
at me god damn it two more kills and
game's over you got that hey you got his
ass and that's game baby that's how you
do win the game so that Wow we whupped
their ass completely 42:18 god damn so
that was a quick little uncharted - team
deathmatch I hope you guys enjoyed it
expect to see the Batman Arkham Asylum
walkthrough starting in the next video
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and you hope you're gonna enjoy that one
else here